[Doc]Update 22.06 documentation[skip ci] (#5641)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/tuning-guide.md

Note that the GPU can encode Parquet and ORC data much faster than the CPU, so the costs of
writing large files can be significantly lower.

## Input Files' column order
When there are a large number of columns for file formats like Parquet and ORC the size of the 
contiguous data for each individual column can be very small. This can result in doing lots of very 
small random reads to the file system to read the data for the subset of columns that are needed.

> We would suggest reorder the columns needed by the queries and then rewrite the files to make those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest reordering the columns needed by the queries and then rewrite the files to make those
```

columns adjacent. This could help both Spark on CPU and GPU.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add a comment here about using `spark.rapids.sql.format.parquet.reader.footer.type=NATIVE` if there are a large number of columns and the data format is Parquet?

Reviewer: The feature is experimental.  Not sure we're ready to widely advertise it yet, but I'd defer to @revans2 on this.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough, we can add the note about it in the tuning guide after it is no longer experimental.
